README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="180" src="https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/themes/raw/master/media/logo/logo.png" alt="HardHacker">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
    oh-my-nvim<br/>
  <a href="https://discord.com/invite/MGmp9QjfkK">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1095552215944527962?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&color=e965a5&logoColor=eee9fc&labelColor=282433"/>
  </a>
</h1>

A **theme-driven**, out-of-the-box modern configuration of neovim 💎

We developed a theme called [HardHacker](https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/themes), which we thought was pretty and eye friendly,
but we found that many neovim plugins have their own color scheme,
so we made a neovim integration environment that matches the hardhacker theme.

## 📦 Features

- Session load and switch
- File explorer
- File find and search
- Terminal
- LSP
- Pretty Code highlighting, Colors highlighting
- Auto completion
- Languages
- Git integration
- Git diff view
- Pretty Tabline, Statusline, Winbar, Outline
- Starting screen
- Quick resize the window
- Zen mode
- Markdown Preview via your browser
- ...

## 🎆 Preview

![](./docs/images/start-screen.png)
![](./docs/images/autocmp.png)
![](./docs/images/float-term.png)
![](./docs/images/find.png)
![](./docs/images/color-highlight.png)

## 📌 Requirements

- Neovim 0.8+
- Not required, but recommended
  - [nerd font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads)
    - Victor Mono Nerd Font
    - JetBrainsMono Nerd Font
    - ...
  - [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)
  - [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)

## 🚧 Install

#### MacOS/Linux

0️⃣ **Backup your current nvim**

```
mv ~/.config/nvim       ~/.config/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/share/nvim  ~/.local/share/nvim.bak
```

1️⃣ **Clone oh-my-nvim repo**

```
git clone https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/oh-my-nvim.git ~/.config/nvim
```

2️⃣ **Start `nvim` in your terminal, then automatically install and setup all plugins**

3️⃣ **Restart `nvim` and enjoy it** 🍻

4️⃣ **Keep updated**

## ⌛️ Update

You should keep updated, it's great.

You can use `git pull` to update it. If you've edited something, you may need to merge the content manually, just like a normal git operation.

## 🧱 Languages

#### Install LSP Server

Use command `:LspInstall` to download and install a server, e.g. `:LspInstall rust_analyzer`.

#### Install TreeSitter Parser

Use command `:TSInstall` to download and install a parser, e.g. `:TSInstall rust`.

## 🏠 Custom

#### 🔍 Configuration structure

```
~/.config/nvim/
├── init.lua
├── lazy-lock.json
└── lua/
    ├── plugins/
    │   └── ...
    ├── languages/
    │   └── ...
    ├── my_plugins/
    │   └── ...
    ├── basic.lua
    ├── custom.lua
    ├── custom_keys.lua
    ├── custom_opts.lua
    └── settings.lua
```

- ~/.config/nvim/lua/**my_plugins/**

  You can put the plugins you want into the directory.

- ~/.config/nvim/lua/**custom.lua**

  This file does not exist by default, you can create this file, then place some custom configuration logic, the custom.lua module will be loaded last.

#### ⌨️ Shortcut Keys

[👉 View the default shortcut settings](https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/oh-my-nvim/blob/main/lua/custom_keys.lua)

You can edit the default settings of the shortcut keys in this configuration file (`~/.config/nvim/lua/custom_keys.lua`).

#### 😍 Add the plugins you want

If you want to add your own plugins, you can create a `plugin_name.lua` file in the directory `~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins`. Setup the plugins in this file.

The plugin configuration in the `plugin_name.lua` file refers to the following template (lazy.nvim syntax):

```
return {
    -- Your Plugin1
    {
        'hardhacker/plugin1',
        config = function() ... end
    },

    -- Your Plugin2
    {'hardhacker/plugin2'},
}
```

#### 💯 Recommended plugins

Some useful plugins are configured by default in the directory `~/.config/nvim/misc/recommended`,
but they are not loaded into neovim by default ,
so if you need them, you can copy them into the directory `~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins/`.

Example:

```
cp ~/.config/nvim/misc/recommended/markdown.lua ~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins/
```

## 🧩 Plugins

[👉 View all plugins integrated](./docs/plugins.md)

Use **lazy.nvim** to manage plugins.

Commit message:

feat:update copilot and readme

README.md, after:

# Introduction

this repository is a fork of hardhackerlabs/oh-my-nvim, and it is a personal configuration of neovim.

# Details

1. use lazy.nvim to manage plugins, and you can learn more about from it's site or github, such as how to install plugins, how to configure plugins, etc
2. use auto-session to manage sessions
3. use github copilot to accelerate coding and writing, write anything you want.
4. can preview markdown file in obsidian(in a obsidian vault), detail: ./lua/config/custom_cmd.lua
5. copy all(current file),replace all(current file),detail: ./lua/config/custom_cmd.lua

--- 

<p align="center">
  <img width="180" src="https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/themes/raw/master/media/logo/logo.png" alt="HardHacker">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
    oh-my-nvim<br/>
  <a href="https://discord.com/invite/MGmp9QjfkK">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1095552215944527962?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&color=e965a5&logoColor=eee9fc&labelColor=282433"/>
  </a>
</h1>

A **theme-driven**, out-of-the-box modern configuration of neovim 💎

We developed a theme called [HardHacker](https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/themes), which we thought was pretty and eye friendly,
but we found that many neovim plugins have their own color scheme,
so we made a neovim integration environment that matches the hardhacker theme.

## 📦 Features

- Session load and switch
- File explorer
- File find and search
- Terminal
- LSP
- Pretty Code highlighting, Colors highlighting
- Auto completion
- Languages
- Git integration
- Git diff view
- Pretty Tabline, Statusline, Winbar, Outline
- Starting screen
- Quick resize the window
- Zen mode
- Markdown Preview via your browser
- ...

## 🎆 Preview

![](./docs/images/start-screen.png)
![](./docs/images/autocmp.png)
![](./docs/images/float-term.png)
![](./docs/images/find.png)
![](./docs/images/color-highlight.png)

## 📌 Requirements

- Neovim 0.8+
- Not required, but recommended
  - [nerd font](https://www.nerdfonts.com/font-downloads)
    - Victor Mono Nerd Font
    - JetBrainsMono Nerd Font
    - ...
  - [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)
  - [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd)

## 🚧 Install

#### MacOS/Linux

0️⃣ **Backup your current nvim**

```
mv ~/.config/nvim       ~/.config/nvim.bak
mv ~/.local/share/nvim  ~/.local/share/nvim.bak
```

1️⃣ **Clone oh-my-nvim repo**

```
git clone https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/oh-my-nvim.git ~/.config/nvim
```

2️⃣ **Start `nvim` in your terminal, then automatically install and setup all plugins**

3️⃣ **Restart `nvim` and enjoy it** 🍻

4️⃣ **Keep updated**

## ⌛️ Update

You should keep updated, it's great.

You can use `git pull` to update it. If you've edited something, you may need to merge the content manually, just like a normal git operation.

## 🧱 Languages

#### Install LSP Server

Use command `:LspInstall` to download and install a server, e.g. `:LspInstall rust_analyzer`.

#### Install TreeSitter Parser

Use command `:TSInstall` to download and install a parser, e.g. `:TSInstall rust`.

## 🏠 Custom

#### 🔍 Configuration structure

```
~/.config/nvim/
├── init.lua
├── lazy-lock.json
└── lua/
    ├── plugins/
    │   └── ...
    ├── languages/
    │   └── ...
    ├── my_plugins/
    │   └── ...
    ├── basic.lua
    ├── custom.lua
    ├── custom_keys.lua
    ├── custom_opts.lua
    └── settings.lua
```

- ~/.config/nvim/lua/**my_plugins/**

  You can put the plugins you want into the directory.

- ~/.config/nvim/lua/**custom.lua**

  This file does not exist by default, you can create this file, then place some custom configuration logic, the custom.lua module will be loaded last.

#### ⌨️ Shortcut Keys

[👉 View the default shortcut settings](https://github.com/hardhackerlabs/oh-my-nvim/blob/main/lua/custom_keys.lua)

You can edit the default settings of the shortcut keys in this configuration file (`~/.config/nvim/lua/custom_keys.lua`).

#### 😍 Add the plugins you want

If you want to add your own plugins, you can create a `plugin_name.lua` file in the directory `~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins`. Setup the plugins in this file.

The plugin configuration in the `plugin_name.lua` file refers to the following template (lazy.nvim syntax):

```
return {
    -- Your Plugin1
    {
        'hardhacker/plugin1',
        config = function() ... end
    },

    -- Your Plugin2
    {'hardhacker/plugin2'},
}
```

#### 💯 Recommended plugins

Some useful plugins are configured by default in the directory `~/.config/nvim/misc/recommended`,
but they are not loaded into neovim by default ,
so if you need them, you can copy them into the directory `~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins/`.

Example:

```
cp ~/.config/nvim/misc/recommended/markdown.lua ~/.config/nvim/lua/my_plugins/
```

## 🧩 Plugins

[👉 View all plugins integrated](./docs/plugins.md)

Use **lazy.nvim** to manage plugins.
